I don't know who Maxime thinks she's kidding. If Hagrid's halfgiant, she definitely is. Big bones... the only thing that's got bigger bones than her is a dinosaur. 
 
Pity you can't attach an extra arm to yours broom, Malfoy. Then it could catch the Snitch for you. 
 
I don't go looking for trouble. Trouble usually finds me. 
 
Are you insane? Of course I want to leave the Dursleys! Have you got a house? When can I move in? 
 
Voldemort uses people his enemies are close to. He's already used you as bait once, and that was just because you're my best friend's sister. Think how much danger you'll be in if we keep this up. He'll know, he'll find out. He'll try and get to me through you. 
 
He was my mum and dad's best friend. He's a convicted murderer, but he's broken out of wizard prison and he's on the run. He likes to keep in touch with me, though...keep up with news...check if I'm happy... 
 
Brilliant! It's Potions last thing on Friday! Snape won't have the time to poison us all! 
 
Yeah, Quirrell was a great teacher. There was just that minor drawback of him having Lord Voldemort sticking out of the back of his head! 
 
Well, I had one that I was playing Quidditch the other night, said Ron, screwing up his face in an effort to remember. What do you think that means?
Probably that you're going to be eaten by a giant marshmallow or something, said Harry, turning the pages of The Dream Oracle without interest. 
 
And Harry said last night, retorted Ron, if it means we're supposed to get matey with the Slytherins, fat chance.
Well, I think it's a pity we're not trying for a bit of interHouse unity, said Hermione crossly.
They had reached the foot of the marble staircase. A line of fourthyear Ravenclaws was crossing the entrance hall; they caught sight of Harry and hurried to form a tighter group, as though frightened he might attack stragglers.
Yeah, we really ought to be trying to make friends with people like that, said Harry sarcastically. 
 
Harry, don't go picking a row with Malfoy, don't forget, he's a prefect now, he could make life difficult for you...
Wow, I wonder what it'd be like to have a difficult life? said Harry sarcastically. 
 
How long have you been 'Big D' then? said Harry.
Shut it, snarled Dudley, turning away again.
Cool name, said Harry, grinning, but you'll always be Ickle Diddykins to me.
Shut your face.
You don't tell her Aunt Petunia to shut her face. What about 'popkin' and 'Dinky Diddydums,' can I use them then? 
 
Listen, if you Fred and George don't take it the gold, I'm throwing it down the drain. I don't want it and I don't need it. But I could do with a few laughs. We could all do with a few laughs. I've got a feeling we're going to need them more than usual before long. 
 
You can't give a Dementor the old onetwo! 
 
Why were you lurking under our window?
Yes  yes, good point, Petunia! What were you doing under our windows, boy?
Listening to the news, said Harry in a resigned voice.
His aunt and uncle exchanged looks of outrage.
Listening to the news! Again?
Well, it changes every day, you see, said Harry. 
 
Er  thanks very much, Ernie, said Harry, taken aback. Ernie might be pompous on occasions like these, but Harry was in a mood to deeply appreciate a vote of confidence from somebody who was not wearing radishes in their ears. 
 
Proud? said Harry. Are you crazy? All those times I could've died, and I didn't manage it? They'll be furious.... 
 
Cut it out, he said firmly, rubbing the scar as the pain receded again. First sign of madness, talking to your own head, said a sly voice from the empty picture on the wall. 
 
You know your mother, Malfoy? The expression on her face  like she's got dung under her nose? Is she like that all the time or just because you were with her? 
 
He Dumbledore will only be gone from the school when none are loyal to him. 
 
It's just hard, Harry said finally, in a low voice, to realize he won't write me again. 
 
I realised I cant shut myself away or crack up. It could be me next, couldnt it? But if it is, Ill make sure I take as many Death Eaters with me as I can and Voldemort too, if I can manage it. 
 
Snape killed Dumbledore. 
 
Dumbledore's man through and through, said Harry. That's right. 
 
Wow... look at that... he's not here now! So why not have a go? They might be able to find you a double cell in Azkaban with your loser of a husband! 
 
Well, think back, said Harry. Have you ever let it slip that you'd like to go out in public with the words 'My Sweetheart' round your neck? 
 
Warrington's aim's so pathetic I'd be more worried if he was aiming for the person next to me. 
 
She's Ron's sister.
But she's ditched Dean!
She's still Ron's sister.
I'm his best mate!
That'll make it worse.
If I talked to him first
He'd hit you.
What if I don't care?
He's your best mate! 
 
To Mundungus What did you do, go back the night he died and strip the place? 
 
I like a quiet life, you know me. 
 
And they'd the Death Eaters love to have me, said Harry sarcastically. We'd be best pals if they didn't keep trying to do me in. 
 
SHE KILLED SIRIUS! SHE KILLED HIM  I'LL KILL HER! 
 
They don't know know we're not allowed to use magic at home. I'm going to have a lot of fun with Dudley this summer... 
 
There's no need to call me sir Professor. 
 
Do you think  do you think I give a  I DON'T CARE WHAT YOU'VE GOT TO SAY! Harry roared. I don't want to hear anything you've got to say! 
 
SO WHAT? Harry shouted. Don't you understand? If Snape gets hold of the stone, Voldemort's coming back! Haven't you heard what it was like when he was trying to take over? There won't be any Hogwarts to get expelled from! He'll flatten it, or turn it into a school for the Dark Arts! Losing points doesn't matter anymore, can't you see? D'you think he'll leave you and your families alone if Gryffindor wins the house cup? If I get caught before I can get to the stone, well, I'll have to go back to the Dursleys and wait for Voldemort to find me there, it's only dying a bit later than I would have, because I'm never going over to the Dark Side! I'm going through that trapdoor tonight and nothing you two say is going to stop me! Voldemort killed my parents, remember? 
 
Yeah, and others might say it's your duty to check that people really are Death Eaters before you chuck them in prison, said Harry, his temper rising now. You're doing what Barty Crouch did. You never get it right, you people, do you? Either we've got Fudge, pretending everything's lovely while people get murdered right under his nose, or we've got you, chucking the wrong people into jail and trying to pretend you've got 'the Chosen One' working for you! 
 
No, it was honest, said Harry. One of the only honest things you've said to me. You don't care whether I live or die, but you do care that I help you convince everyone you're winning the war against Voldemort. 
 
You can try, said Harry indifferently. But you seem cleverer than Fudge, so I'd have thought you'd have learned from his mistakes. He tried interfering at Hogwarts. You might have noticed he's not Minister anymore, but Dumbledore's still headmaster. I'd leave Dumbledore alone, if I were you. 
 
I'm going to Hagrid's, I've got a good feeling about going to Hagrid's. 
 
This is night, Diddykins. That's what we call it when it goes all dark like this. 
 
Severus Snape wasn't yours, said Harry. Snape was Dumbledores, Dumbledores from the moment you started hunting down my mother... 
 
Albus Severus..you were named for the two headmasters of Hogwarts. One of them was a Slytherin and he was probably the bravest man I ever knew. 
 
Snapes patronus was a doe. The same as my mothers, because he loved her for nearly all his life, from the time when they were children. You should have realised. De asked you to spare herlife, didn't he? 
 
Theyre evacuating the younger kids and everyones meeting in the Great Hall to get organized, Harry said. Were fighting. 

After all to the well organized mind, death is but the next great adventure.

Do not pity the dead Harry.  Pity the living, and, above all, those who live without love.

Differences of habit and language are nothing at all if our aims are identical and our hearts are open.

It is a curious thing, but perhaps those who are best suited to power are those who have never sought it.  Those who have leadership thrust upon them, and take up the mantle because they must, and find to their own surprise that they wear it well.

Dark times lie ahead of us and there will be a time when we must choose between what is easy and what is right.

Happiness can be found in the darkest of times, if one only remembers to turn on the light.

I DON'T CARE!" Harry yelled at them, snatching up a lunascope and throwing it into the fireplace. "I'VE HAD ENOUGH, I'VE SEEN ENOUGH, I WANT OUT, I WANT IT TO END, I DON'T CARE ANYMORE!"
"You do care," said Dumbledore. He had not flinched or made a single move to stop Harry demolishing his office. His expression was calm, almost detached. "You care so much you feel as though you will bleed to death with the pain of it.” 

“It's going to be all right, sir," Harry said over and over again, more worried by Dumbledore's silence than he had been by his weakened voice. "We're nearly there ... I can Apparate us both back ... don't worry ..."
"I am not worried, Harry," said Dumbledore, his voice a little stronger despite the freezing water. "I am with you.” 
Trust me.
    
“What happened down in the dungeons between you and Professor Quirrell is a complete secret, so, naturally the whole school knows.” 

“He accused me of being Dumbledore's man through and through."
"How very rude of him."
"I told him I was."
Dumbledore opened his mouth to speak and then closed it again. Fawkes the phoenix let out a low, soft, musical cry. To Harry's intense embarrassment, he suddenly realized that Dumbledore's bright blue eyes looked rather watery, and stared hastily at his own knee. When Dumbledore spoke, however, his voice was quite steady. 
"I am very touched, Harry.” 

“But Dumbledore says he doesn't care what they do as long as they don't take him off the Chocolate Frog cards.” 

Bertie Bott's Every Flavour Beans?

They mean every flavour! There's chocolate and peppermint, and there's also spinach, liver and tripe. George sweared he got a bogey-flavoured one once!

 

Harry quickly takes the bean he was chewing out of his mouth.

 
These aren't real chocolate frogs, are they?

It's only a spell. Besides, it's the cards you want. Each pack's got a famous witch or wizard. I got about 500 meself.

Frog: Ribbit. {The frog jumps onto the window and climbs up, then leaps out the window...disappearing.}

Oh, that's rotten luck. They've only got one good jump in them to begin with.

Hey, I got Dumbledore!

I got about 6 of him.

Hey, he's gone!

Well, you can't expect him to hang around all day, can you? {Scabbers squeaks} This is Scabbers, by the way, pitiful, isn't he?

Just a little bit.

Fred gave me a spell as to turn him yellow. Want to see?

Yeah!

Has anyone seen a toad? A boy named Neville's lost one.

No.

Oh, are you doing magic? Let's see then.

Aghhhemm. Sunshine, daises, butter mellow, turn this stupid fat rat yellow!

Zap. Nothing happens. Ron shrugs.

Are you sure that's a real spell? Well, it's not very good, is it? Of course I've only tried a few simple spells myself, and they've all worked for me. For example...{Hermione goes over and sits across from Harry. He points her hand at his glasses and Harry tenses} Oculus Reparo. {The glasses, which noseband is battered, are repaired. Harry takes them off, amazed.} That's better, isn't it? Holy Cricket, you're Harry Potter. I'm Hermione Granger...and you are...?

I'm...Ron Weasley.Right, then! First years! This way, please! Come on, now, don't be shy! Come on now, hurry up!

 

Harry and Ron walk up to Hagrid.

Hello, Harry.

Hey, Hagrid.

Whoaa!
Right then. This way to the boats! Come on, now, follow me.
No blood, no foul.
    
Someone has to spread the good news that we survived.
    
I saved your life – I don’t owe you anything.
    
You think I lifted a van off you?

    
I hope you enjoy disappointment.
  
It’s better if we’re not friends. Trust me.
  
You think I regret saving your life?
    
Bella, it’s not my fault if you are exceptionally unobservant.

Bella, you are utterly absurd.

Edward Cullen, Twilight, Chapter 4, p.82
     
The wasting of finite resources is everyone’s business.

I said it would be better if we weren’t friends, not that I didn’t want to be.
    
It would be more… prudent for you not to be my friend. But I’m tired of trying to stay away from you, Bella.

I'd never given much thought to how I would die — though I'd had reason enough in the last few months — but even if I had, I would not have imagined it like this.

I stared without breathing across the long room, into the dark eyes of the hunter, and he looked pleasantly back at me.

Surely it was a good way to die, in the place of someone else, someone I loved. Noble, even. That ought to count for something.

I knew that if I'd never gone to Forks, I wouldn't be facing death now. But, terrified as I was, I couldn't bring myself to regret the decision. When life offers you a dream so far beyond any of your expectations, it's not reasonable to grieve when it comes to an end.

The hunter smiled in a friendly way as he sauntered forward to kill me.


Strange, unpopular names, I thought. The kinds of names grandparents had. But maybe that was in vogue here — small town names? I finally remembered that my neighbor was called Jessica, a perfectly common name. There were two girls named Jessica in my History class back home.

"They are… very nice-looking." I struggled with the conspicuous understatement.

"Yes!" Jessica agreed with another giggle. "They're all together though — Emmett and Rosalie, and Jasper

and Alice, I mean. And they live together." Her voice held all the shock and condemnation of the small town, I thought critically. But, if I was being honest, I had to admit that even in Phoenix, it would cause gossip.

"Which ones are the Cullens?" I asked. "They don't look related…"

"Oh, they're not. Dr. Cullen is really young, in his twenties or early thirties. They're all adopted. The Hales are brother and sister, twin

He didn't come, and as time passed I grew more and more tense.

I was relieved that I had the desk to myself, that Edward was absent. I told myself that repeatedly. But I couldn't get rid of the nagging suspicion that I was the reason he wasn't there. It was ridiculous, and egotistical, to think that I could affect anyone that strongly. It was impossible. And yet I couldn't stop worrying that it was true.

Clair de Lune is great. 
Edward spins Isabella around and she gives him a look What? 
I can't dance 
Hmm... Well, I could always make you. 
I'm not scared of you. 
laughs Well you really shouldn't have said that. 
Bella! Guess who just asked me to prom. I totally thought Mike was gonna ask you, actually. Um, it's not gonna be weird though, right? 
No, no. Zero weirdness. You guys are great together. 
I know, right? 

Beautiful. Very visually dynamic. I chose my stage well. 

Are you going to tell me how you stopped the van? 
Yeah. Um... I had an adrenaline rush. It's very common. You can Google it. 

What did you expect? Coffins and dungeons and moats? 
No, not the moats. 
Not the moats. 

The hunt is his obsession. He's never gonna stop! 

Edward I'd rather die than to stay away from you. 

And so the lion fell in love with the lamb. 
What a stupid lamb. 
What a sick, masochistic lion. 

Will you tell me the truth? 
No, probably not. 
Bella turns away slighly angry
I'd rather hear your theories. 
I have considered radioactive spiders and kryptonite. 
All superhero stuff right? But what if I'm not the hero? What if I am the bad guy? 
You're not. 
Edward smiles

That's what you dream about? Being a monster? 
I dream about being with you forever. 

Is she even Italian? 
Her name's Bella. 
I'm sure she'll love it no matter what. 
Ooh... get a whiff of that. Here comes the human. 
Esme flashes a big grin just before Bella and Edward walk around the corner 
 runs up to Bella Bella! We're making Italiano for you. 
Bella, this is Esme, my mother for all intents and purposes. 
Buon Giorno? 
 Molto Bene! 
It gives us an excuse to use the kitchen for the first time. 
 I hope you're hungry. 
Yeah, absolutely! 
She already ate. 
crushes the salad bowl she's holding Perfect! 
Yeah - it's just that I know... I know you guys don't eat. 
 Of course. That's very considerate of you. 
Just ignore Rosalie. I do. 
Yeah! Let's just keep pretending like this isn't dangerous for all of us. 
I would never tell anybody anything. 
She knows that. 
Yeah, well the problem is... you two have gone public now so... 
 No, she should know. The entire family will be implicated if this ends badly. 
Badly as in... I become the meal. 
Carlisle and Edward struggle to suppress laughs
You are my life now. 
How did you get over to me so fast? I was standing right next to you, Bella. 
No. You were next to your car, across the lot. 
No, I wasn't. 
Yes, you were. 
Bella, you hit your head. I think you're confused. 
I know what I saw. 
And what exactly was that? 
You stopped the van. You pushed it away with you hand. 
Well, nobody's going to believe you. 
I wasn't going to tell anybody. I just need to know the truth. 
Can't you just thank me and get over it? 
Thank you. 
You're not going to let this go, are you? 
Well then I hope you enjoy disappointment. 

Look, You gotta give me some answers. 
Yes. No. To get to the other side. Uh, 1.77245... 
I don't want to know what the square root of pi is. 
You knew that? 

Hey. Come to visit your truck? 
Hey! Looks good. Got that dent out. 
Actually, we came to visit your flat-screen. First Mariners game of the season. Plus, Jacob here keeps bugging me about seeing you again. 
Great, Dad. Thanks. 
Just keepin' it real, son. 

Cute, Mike. Let a playa play! 

after Edward asks her to put on Bella's coat to distract James Why? What is she to me? 
Hands her the coat Rosalie. Bella is with Edward. She's part of the family now. We protect our family. 

I should go back there and rip those guys' heads off. 
Um... No, you shouldn't. 
You don't know the vile, repulsive things they were thinking. 
And you do? 
It's not hard to guess. 
Can you talk about something else? Distract me so i won't turn around. 
You should put your seat belt on. 
Haha... you should put your seat belt on! 

after Emmett catches the baseball by climbing a tree My monkey man! 

to Bella So I was wondering... if you have a- a da... 
Mike Newton: shakes wet hat over Bella's head 'sup Arizona? How you likin' the rain, girl? 
Yeah, Mike, you're real cute. You know that? 

I don't have the strength to stay away from you anymore. 
Then don't. 

Everybody's staring. 
Not that guy. No he just looked. Breaking all the rules now anyways. 
looks at Emmett, Rosalie, Jasper, and Alice 
Since I'm going to hell 
slips arm around Bella's shoulder 

Did you follow me? 
I... I feel very protective of you. 
So you followed me. 
I was trying to keep a distance unless you needed my help and then I heard what those low-lives were thinking. 
Wait. You say you heard what they were thinking? 
So what you... you read minds? 
I can read every mind in this room apart from yours. There's... Money. Sex. Money. Sex. Cat... And then you, nothing. That's very frustrating. 
Is there something wrong with me? 
See... I tell you I can read minds and you think there's something wrong with you? 

No one will surrender tonight, but I won't give in. I know what I want. 

Hold on tight, spidermonkey. 
climbs up tree 
Do you trust me? 
In theory... 
Close your eyes. 
Jumps to next tree and climbs to top 
Bella gasps What? 
This isn't real. This kind of stuff just doesn't exist. 
It does in my world. 

Who are they? 
The Cullens. 
They're, um, Dr. and Mrs. Cullen's foster kids. They moved down here from Alaska, like, a few years ago. 
They kinda keep to themselves. 
Yeah 'cause they're all together, like TOGETHER together. Uh, the blonde girl, that's Rosalie, and the big dark-haired guy, Emmett, they're like a thing. I'm not even sure that's legal. 
Jess, they're not actually related. 
Yeah, but they live together. It's weird-and, okay, the little dark-haired girl is Alice. She's REALLY weird, and, um, she's with Jasper, the blonde one who looks like he's in pain. 

puts hand on Edward's shoulder when Edward is attacking James Son, enough. Remember who you are. 

while Edward is sucking the venom and blood out of Bella Edward, stop. Her blood is clean. You're killing her. Stop. Find the will. 

Hey, Mikey - you met my home girl, Bella 
Mike Newton: Oh, you-yo-your home girl?  
Sorry I had to ruin your game, Mike. 
Oh my god, it's like, the first grade all over again, you're the shiny new toy... 

I can't bring myself to regret the decisions that brought me to Forks. They also brought me to Edward. 

I hate you for making me want you so much. 

I'd never given much though to how I would die. But dying in place of someone I love, seems like a good way to go. I can't bring myself to regret the decisions that brought me face to face with death. They also brought me to Edward. 

You don't know how long I've waited for you. 

I'm down with the kids. 
sarcastically Oh yeah, you're the bomb. 

Maybe he'll adopt me. 

Edible art? 
Bella knocks over the apple and Edward kicks it up and catches it 
Bella. 
Thanks. You know your mood swings are kinda giving me whiplash. 
I only said it'd be better if we weren't friends, not that I didn't wanna be. 
What does that mean? 
It means if you were smart, you'd stay away from me. 
Okay well let's say for argument sake that I'm not smart, would you tell me the truth? 
No probably not. 

I'm sorry, I'm just - I'm just trying to figure you out, you're very difficult for me to read. 
Hey did you get contacts? 
No. 
Your eyes were, black the last time I saw you, and now they're like, golden brown... 
Yeah I know it's the uh, it's the flourescents, um. Ugh. 
walks away 

Hey dad I have a date with Edward Cullen. 
He's a little old for ya, isn't he? 
No, uh, he's a junior I'm a junior. I thought you liked the Cullens. 
I thought you didn't like any of the boys in town. 
Edward doesn't live in town, technically. He's right outside. 
He is? 
Yeah he wanted to meet you, officially. 
Alright, 
cocks gun 
bring him in. 
Could you be nice? He is - he's important. 
Charlie draws invisible circle around his head, as to be a halo 

Do you do this a lot? 
Just the past couple of months. I like watching you sleep. I find it fascinating. 

freaking out You can't leave me! 
Shh... Where else would I go? 
he leans in to kiss her forehead 

notices Mike Newton dancing against a tree 
Looks like the Newton boy's got a big smile for ya'. 

Edward enters Bella's room via her window 
flustered Mom, can I talk to you later? 
Come on, we gotta talk boys! Are you being safe? 
Bella quickly hangs up the phone, embarrassed 

You guys should keep Bella company. Umm... her date bailed. 
What date? 

Mike Newton: You and Cullen huh? 
bella nods 
Mike Newton: I don't like it. He looks at you like... you're something to eat. 

How did you get in here? 
The window. 
Do you do that a lot? 
Just the past couple of months. 

Was that as weird for you as it was for me? 
I don't know. 
looks at the graduation caps on the wall 
Graduation caps? 
Yeah private joke. We matriculate a lot. 

to Edward, her back to him You're impossibly fast. And strong. Your skin is... pale white, and ice cold. Your eyes change color... and sometimes you speak like - like you're from a different time. You never eat or drink anything; you don't go into the sunlight. 
pause, silence 
How old are you? 
Seventeen. 
How long have you been seventeen? 
...a while. 
I know what you are. 
Say it... out loud. Say it. 
Vampire. 
Are you afraid? 
turns to face him ... no. 
Then ask me the most basic question: What do we eat? 

You're alone... because you're faster than the others. But not stronger... 
I'm strong enough to kill you. 

Uh, yeah this is my room. 
...No bed? 
Ah no i don't, i don't sleep. 
Ever? 
No, not at all. 
Ok, hmmm, boy you have so much music, what were you listening to. 
It's Debussy. 
Clair de Lune is great. 
Edward spins Isabella around and she gives him a look What? 
I can't dance. 
laughs 
... 
Hmm... Well, I could always make you. 
I'm not scared of you. 
laughs Well you really shouldn't have said that. 
he jumps out his bedroom window and lands on a tree You better hold on tight spidermonkey! 
he climbs up tree 
Do you trust me? 
In theory. 
Then close your eyes. 
Jumps to next tree and climbs to top 
Bella gasps What? 
This isn't real. This kind of stuff just doesn't exist. 
It does in my world. 

to Edward Can I talk to you for a minute? 
Edward walks away for Carlisle and Rosalie cause he was talking to them and walks over to Bella What? 
to Edward How, how did you get over to me so fast? 
I was standing right next to you Bella. 
No. You were next to your car, across the lot. 
No I wasn't. 
Yes you were. 
Bella you hit your head. I think you're confused. 
I know what I saw. 
And what exactly was that. 
You- you stopped the van. You pushed it away with you hand. 
Well, nobody's going to believe you so. 
I wasn't going to tell anybody. I just need to know the truth. 
Cant you just thank me and get over it. 
Thank you. 
You're not going to let this go are you? 
No. 
Well then i hope you enjoy disappointment. 

My family, we're different from others of our kind. We only drink animal blood, but it's your scent. It's like a drug to me. It's like you're my own personal brand of heroin. 
Why did you hate me so much when we met? 
I did, only because of wanting you so badly. I still don't know if I can control myself. 
I know you can. 

Did he hurt you? 
No. 
Break up with you or something? 
No, I-I broke up with him. 
I thought you liked him? 
Yea, that's why - that's why I have to leave. I don't want this. I have to go home. 
Home... Your mom is not even in Phoenix. 
She'll come home. I'll call her from the road. 
You're not going to drive home right now. You can sleep on it. If you still feel like going in the morning, I'll take you to the airport. 
N-No I want to drive. It will give me more time to think. And if I get really tired, I'll pull into a motel. I promise. 
Look, Bella, I know I'm not that much fun to be around but I can change that. We can do more stuff together. 
Like what? Like watch baseball on the flat screen? Eat at the diner every night? Steak and cobbler. Dad, that's you, that's not me. 
Bella, come on. I-I just got you back. 
Yeah, and you know if I don't get out now, I'll just be stuck here like mom. 

Do you trust me? 
In theory. 

I can't ever lose control with you. 

About three things I was absolutely positive: First, Edward was a vampire. Second, there was a part of him-and I didn't know how dominant that part might be-that thirsted for my blood. And third, I was unconditionally and irrevocably in love with him. 

What's in Jacksonville 
How did you know about that? 
You didn't answer my question 
Well, you don't answer any of mine so... and, you don't even say hi to me 
Hi 
Are you gonna tell me how you stopped the van? 
Yeah. I had an adrenaline rush. It's very common. You can google it 
Floridians. That what's in Jacksonvill... 
At least would you watch where you walk? 
Look, I'm sorry if I'm being rude all the time. I think it's the best way. 

Shall we? 
You're serious? 
Oh, why not? 
sighs Hmm. 
See? You're dancing. 
giggles At prom. Edward why did you save me? You should've just let the venom spread. I could be like you by now. 
You don't know what you're saying. You don't want this. 
I want YOU. Always. 
I'm not gonna end your life for you. 
I'm dying already. Every second I get closer, older. 
That's the way it's supposed to be. 
Alice said she saw me like you. I heard her. 
Her visions change. 
Yeah, based on what people decide. I've decided. 
somewhat bitterly So that's what you dream about, becoming a monster. 
I dream about being with you, forever. 
Forever? 
Bella nods 
And are you ready right now? 
hesitant Yes. 
sighs Is it not enough, just to have a long and happy life with me? 
after a second of thought Yeah. For now. 
voiceover No one will surrender tonight, but I won't give in. I know what I want. 

It's like diamonds... you're beautiful. 
Beautiful? This is the skin of a killer, Bella... I'm a killer. 
I don't believe that. 
That's because you believe only the lies... the camouflage. I'm the world's most dangerous predator, Bella. Every thing about me invites you in. My voice, my face, even my smell. As if I would need any of that... as if you could out run me... as if you could fight me off. I'm designed to kill. 
I don't care. 
I've killed people before. 
It does not matter. 
I wanted to kill you at first. I've never wanted a human's blood so much, before. 
I trust you. 
Don't. 

 wraps her arm around Bella's shoulders Bella, I'm glad you're here. We need an umpire. 
walking past, tossing a ball in his hands She thinks we cheat. 
 I know you cheat. 

So what are they really? 
It's just a story, Bella. 

See, I told you she'd love it. I'm down with the kids. 
Oh, yeah, dude. You're the bomb. 

I don't know. 

I just wanna try one thing. 
Be very still... don't move. 

Alice Cullen: Looks up at the sky thoughtfully It's time. 

first lines 
voiceover I'd never given much thought to how I would die... But dying in the place of someone I love seems like a good way to go. 

first lines in the movie I've never given much thought to how I would die. But dying in the place of someone I love seems like a good way to go. So, I can't bring my self to regret the decisions to leave home. I would miss Phoenix, I would miss the heat... I would miss my loving, erratic, hare-brained mother, and her new husband. 
Phil Dwyer: Come on, guys! I love you both, but we have a plane to catch! 
But they want to go on the road. So, I'm gonna spend some time with my dad... and this will be a good thing... I think. 

Whoa whoa! Chillax! No feature! 

LaPush, baby! You in? 
Should I know what that means? 

You're like my own personal brand of heroin. 

How did you get in here? 
The window. 
Do you do that a lot? 
Just the past couple of months I like watching you sleep. 

Yeah, hey! La Push, baby! You in? 
Should I know what that means? 
Mike Newton: La Push Beach down at the Quileute Rez. We're all going tomorrow. 
Yeah, there's a big swell coming down. 
and I don't just surf the Internet. 
Pretends to surf 
Eric, you stood up once, and it was a foam board. 
But there's whale watching, too. Come with us. 
La Push, baby. It's La Push. 
Okay, I'll go if you stop saying that, okay? 
Mike Newton: Seriously, dude. It's creepy, man. 
What? That's what it's called. 

Chief Swan? I wanted to formally introduce myself. I'm Edward Cullen. 
shakes hands Hi, Edward. 
Bella won't be out too late tonight. She's just gonna play baseball with my family. 
Baseball? 
Yes, sir. That's the plan. 
stifles an amused chuckle Bella's gonna play baseball. Well... good luck with that. 

What happened? Where's James? 
We took care of it. And the woman, Victoria, she ran off. 
I'm alive because of you. 
No, you're in here because of me. The worst part of it was that I thought I wasn't gonna be able to stop. 
You did stop. 
Bella, you gotta go to Jacksonville. So I can't hurt you anymore. 
Are you? No! No! How? I don't even know what you're saying. What are you talking about? You just want me to go away? No! I can't! I can't just leave you. 
I know. 
We can't be apart. You can't leave me. 
I'm here. 
fighting tears Okay, just don't. You can't say stuff like that to me. Ever. 
Where else am I gonna go? 
 

I'll take care of her, Chief Swan. 
Uh-huh. I've heard that before. 
stops Bella 
Uh, Bells. I put a new can of pepper spray in your bag. 
scoffs Dad. 
And, um, you look beautiful. 
Thanks. See ya. 

Jacob? Hey! 
You too. Are you crashing the prom or something? Did you come with a date? 
No. My dad paid me to come talk to you. 20 bucks. 
Well, let's hear it. 
Just don't get mad, okay? He wants you to break up with your boyfriend. It's just, he said quote 'we'll be watching you.' 
Okay, well tell him thanks. And to pay up. 


